List::Compare - Compare elements of two or more lists

This document refers to version 0.22 of List::Compare.  This version was
released November 23, 2003.

To install this module on your system, place the tarball archive file in a 
temporary directory and call the following:

% gunzip List-Compare-0.22.tar.gz
% tar xf List-Compare-0.22.tar
% cd List-Compare-0.22
% perl Makefile.PL
% make
% make test
% make install

If during installation you wish to view more information on test results, 
substitute the fllowing for the sixth line in the sequence of commands
above:

% make test TEST=VERBOSE

If you are installing this module over any earlier version, you may 
substitute the following for the last line in the sequence of commands 
above:

% make install UNINST=1

If you are installing this module on a Win32 system with 'nmake', 
substitute 'nmake' for 'make' in the sequence of commands above.

The author has found that trying to install this distribution with 
(a) older (pre-6.16) versions of ExtUtils::MakeMaker, (b) on older 
versions of Perl (e.g., 5.6.0), and (c) on older Linux distributions 
(e.g., RedHat Linux 7.3) can result in a situation where the module's 
Plain Old Documentation, when transformed into manual pages, is not 
automatically placed in the optimal location for reading thru 'man' 
and 'info' (even though it reads perfectly through 'perldoc').  If you 
experience this problem, issue the following at the command line 
(adapted from a suggestion by Michael Schwern on the module-authors 
mailing list):

% perl Makefile.PL INSTALLSITEMAN3DIR=/usr/share/man/man3

List::Compare uses the Carp module which is part of the standard Perl 
distribution.  Other than that, there are no module dependencies in 
this version of List::Compare.

Certain methods in this version of List::Compare are included solely 
for backwards compatibility with earlier versions and are deprecated.  
When called, they print warning messages via Carp.  In earlier versions 
of List::Compare these warning messages would appear when you called 
'make test' as part of the installation process.  This was harmless 
but annoying and has been fixed.

From time to time the author writes articles discussing List::Compare 
and benchmarking it against different versions of itself and against 
other CPAN modules.  These articles List::Compare will be available at 
http://www.concentric.net/~Jkeen/list.

In sending e-mail to the author, please put "List::Compare" or 
"List-Compare" in the subject line.

Author:  James E. Keenan (jkeenan@cpan.org).
Originally created May 20, 2002.

Copyright (c) 2002-03 James E. Keenan.  United States.  All rights reserved. 
This is free software and may be distributed under the same terms as Perl
itself.



